First cut of code (#1)
concordion/concordion-expected-to-fail-info-extension: README.md

# concordion-expected-to-fail-info-extension

> This [Concordion](www.concordion.org) extension displays a Note and a Reason in the corresponding specification/markdown, when the annotation expectedToFail is used.

Reviewer: I'd remove "/markdown" since the output is the specification (always in HTML)

# concordion-status-info-extension

> This [Concordion](www.concordion.org) extension displays a Note and a Reason in the corresponding specification, when the annotations ignored, unimplemented or expectedToFail are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Concordion](https://concordion.org/) extension displays a Note and a Reason in the corresponding specification, when the annotations ignored, unimplemented or expectedToFail are used.
```
Currently shows up as a broken relative link.

> This [Concordion](www.concordion.org) extension displays a Note and a Reason in the corresponding specification, when the annotations ignored, unimplemented or expectedToFail are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Concordion](www.concordion.org) extension displays a Note and a Reason in the output, when the `status`  of specific examples in a specification is [set as](https://concordion.org/instrumenting/java/markdown/#implementation-status) `Ignored`, `Unimplemented` or `ExpectedToFail`.
```
The word `annotation` makes me think this is for the `@ExpectedToFail` etc annotations in Java code. I assume it's not applicable to those, but is only when specific examples in the spec have the `c:status` attribute set?

Reviewer: Should we allow people to set this on the `@ExpectedToFail` annotation too?

Author: Maybe in the next release?...
